#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.9
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile
#
--find-links https://download.pytorch.org/whl/torch_stable.html

absl-py==0.12.0
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-datasets
    #   tensorflow-metadata
ai-benchmark==0.1.2
    # via -r requirements.in
aiohttp==3.8.1
    # via fsspec
aiosignal==1.2.0
    # via aiohttp
argon2-cffi==21.3.0
    # via notebook
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
astunparse==1.6.3
    # via tensorflow
async-generator==1.10
    # via pyre-check
async-timeout==4.0.2
    # via aiohttp
attrs==21.4.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
    #   pytest
    #   tensorflow-datasets
autoflake==1.4
    # via -r requirements.in
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
black==21.12b0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   black-nbconvert
black-nbconvert==0.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
bleach==4.1.0
    # via nbconvert
cachetools==4.2.4
    # via google-auth
certifi==2021.10.8
    # via
    #   kaggle
    #   requests
cffi==1.15.0
    # via argon2-cffi-bindings
charset-normalizer==2.0.9
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   requests
click==8.0.3
    # via
    #   black
    #   pip-tools
    #   pyre-check
coverage==6.2
    # via pytest-testmon
cycler==0.11.0
    # via matplotlib
dataclasses-json==0.5.6
    # via pyre-check
debugpy==1.5.1
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.0
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
dill==0.3.4
    # via tensorflow-datasets
entrypoints==0.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbconvert
flatbuffers==2.0
    # via tensorflow
fonttools==4.28.5
    # via matplotlib
frozenlist==1.2.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec[http]==2021.11.1
    # via pytorch-lightning
future==0.18.2
    # via
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   tensorflow-datasets
gast==0.4.0
    # via tensorflow
google-auth==2.3.3
    # via
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
google-auth-oauthlib==0.4.6
    # via tensorboard
google-pasta==0.2.0
    # via tensorflow
googleapis-common-protos==1.54.0
    # via tensorflow-metadata
graphviz==0.19.1
    # via -r requirements.in
grpcio==1.43.0
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
gviz-api==1.10.0
    # via tensorboard-plugin-profile
h5py==3.6.0
    # via tensorflow
idna==3.3
    # via
    #   requests
    #   yarl
importlib-metadata==4.10.0
    # via markdown
iniconfig==1.1.1
    # via pytest
intervaltree==3.1.0
    # via pyre-check
ipykernel==6.6.1
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-console
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
ipython==7.30.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-console
    #   keras-tuner
    #   nbqa
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
ipywidgets==7.6.5
    # via jupyter
isort==5.10.1
    # via -r requirements.in
jedi==0.17.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
jinja2==3.0.3
    # via
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
jsonschema==4.3.3
    # via nbformat
jupyter==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyter-client==7.1.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-console==6.4.0
    # via jupyter
jupyter-core==4.9.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-tensorboard==0.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyterlab-pygments==0.1.2
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-widgets==1.0.2
    # via ipywidgets
kaggle==1.5.12
    # via -r requirements.in
keras==2.7.0
    # via
    #   keras-gradient-noise
    #   tensorflow
keras-gradient-noise==0.11
    # via -r requirements.in
keras-preprocessing==1.1.2
    # via tensorflow
keras-tuner==1.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
kiwisolver==1.3.2
    # via matplotlib
kt-legacy==1.0.4
    # via keras-tuner
libclang==12.0.0
    # via tensorflow
libcst==0.3.23
    # via pyre-check
markdown==3.3.6
    # via tensorboard
markupsafe==2.0.1
    # via jinja2
marshmallow==3.14.1
    # via
    #   dataclasses-json
    #   marshmallow-enum
marshmallow-enum==1.5.1
    # via dataclasses-json
matplotlib==3.5.1
    # via -r requirements.in
matplotlib-inline==0.1.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mistune==0.8.4
    # via nbconvert
multidict==5.2.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy==0.930
    # via -r requirements.in
mypy-extensions==0.4.3
    # via
    #   black
    #   mypy
    #   typing-inspect
nbclient==0.5.9
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==6.4.0
    # via
    #   black-nbconvert
    #   jupyter
    #   notebook
nbformat==5.1.3
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
nbqa==1.2.2
    # via -r requirements.in
nest-asyncio==1.5.4
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
notebook==6.4.6
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-tensorboard
    #   widgetsnbextension
nptyping==1.4.4
    # via -r requirements.in
numpy==1.22.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ai-benchmark
    #   h5py
    #   keras-preprocessing
    #   keras-tuner
    #   matplotlib
    #   nptyping
    #   opt-einsum
    #   pandas
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   scipy
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-datasets
    #   torchmetrics
    #   torchvision
oauthlib==3.1.1
    # via requests-oauthlib
opt-einsum==3.3.0
    # via tensorflow
packaging==21.3
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   keras-tuner
    #   matplotlib
    #   pytest
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   qtpy
    #   torchmetrics
pandas==1.3.5
    # via -r requirements.in
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jedi
pathspec==0.9.0
    # via black
pep517==0.12.0
    # via pip-tools
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pillow==9.0.0
    # via
    #   ai-benchmark
    #   matplotlib
    #   torchvision
pip-tools==6.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
platformdirs==2.4.1
    # via black
pluggy==1.0.0
    # via pytest
prometheus-client==0.12.0
    # via notebook
promise==2.3
    # via tensorflow-datasets
prompt-toolkit==3.0.24
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
protobuf==3.19.1
    # via
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorboard-plugin-profile
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-datasets
    #   tensorflow-metadata
psutil==5.9.0
    # via
    #   ai-benchmark
    #   pyre-check
    #   testslide
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
py==1.11.0
    # via pytest
py-cpuinfo==8.0.0
    # via ai-benchmark
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.2.8
    # via google-auth
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pydeprecate==0.3.1
    # via pytorch-lightning
pydot==1.4.2
    # via -r requirements.in
pyflakes==2.4.0
    # via autoflake
pygments==2.11.1
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyterlab-pygments
    #   nbconvert
    #   qtconsole
    #   testslide
pyhamcrest==2.0.3
    # via -r requirements.in
pyparsing==3.0.6
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   packaging
    #   pydot
pyre-check==0.9.9
    # via -r requirements.in
pyre-extensions==0.0.27
    # via pyre-check
pyrsistent==0.18.0
    # via jsonschema
pytest==6.2.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytest-skip-slow
    #   pytest-testmon
pytest-skip-slow==0.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
pytest-testmon==1.2.2
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   kaggle
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-slugify==5.0.2
    # via kaggle
pytorch-lightning==1.5.8
    # via -r requirements.in
pytz==2021.3
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   libcst
    #   pytorch-lightning
pyzmq==22.3.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
qtconsole==5.2.2
    # via jupyter
qtpy==2.0.0
    # via qtconsole
requests==2.27.0
    # via
    #   ai-benchmark
    #   fsspec
    #   kaggle
    #   keras-tuner
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow-datasets
requests-oauthlib==1.3.0
    # via google-auth-oauthlib
rsa==4.8
    # via google-auth
scipy==1.7.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   keras-tuner
send2trash==1.8.0
    # via notebook
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   absl-py
    #   astunparse
    #   bleach
    #   google-auth
    #   google-pasta
    #   grpcio
    #   gviz-api
    #   kaggle
    #   keras-preprocessing
    #   promise
    #   python-dateutil
    #   tensorboard-plugin-profile
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-datasets
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via intervaltree
tabulate==0.8.9
    # via pyre-check
tensorboard==2.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   keras-tuner
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   tensorflow
tensorboard-data-server==0.6.1
    # via tensorboard
tensorboard-plugin-profile==2.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tensorboard-plugin-wit==1.8.0
    # via tensorboard
tensorflow==2.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tensorflow-addons==0.15.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tensorflow-datasets==4.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tensorflow-estimator==2.7.0
    # via tensorflow
tensorflow-io-gcs-filesystem==0.23.1
    # via tensorflow
tensorflow-metadata==1.5.0
    # via tensorflow-datasets
termcolor==1.1.0
    # via
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-datasets
terminado==0.12.1
    # via notebook
testfixtures==6.18.3
    # via -r requirements.in
testpath==0.5.0
    # via nbconvert
testslide==2.7.0
    # via pyre-check
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via python-slugify
tokenize-rt==4.2.1
    # via nbqa
toml==0.10.2
    # via pytest
tomli==1.2.3
    # via
    #   black
    #   mypy
    #   nbqa
    #   pep517
torch==1.10.1+cu111
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   torchaudio
    #   torchmetrics
    #   torchvision
torchaudio==0.10.1+cu111
    # via -r requirements.in
torchmetrics==0.6.2
    # via pytorch-lightning
torchvision==0.11.2+cu111
    # via -r requirements.in
tornado==6.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.62.3
    # via
    #   kaggle
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   tensorflow-datasets
traitlets==5.1.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
typeguard==2.13.3
    # via
    #   tensorflow-addons
    #   testslide
typing-extensions==4.0.1
    # via
    #   black
    #   libcst
    #   mypy
    #   pyre-check
    #   pyre-extensions
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   tensorflow
    #   torch
    #   typing-inspect
typing-inspect==0.7.1
    # via
    #   dataclasses-json
    #   libcst
    #   pyre-extensions
typish==1.9.3
    # via nptyping
urllib3==1.26.7
    # via
    #   kaggle
    #   requests
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via bleach
werkzeug==2.0.2
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorboard-plugin-profile
wheel==0.37.1
    # via
    #   astunparse
    #   pip-tools
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
widgetsnbextension==3.5.2
    # via ipywidgets
wrapt==1.13.3
    # via tensorflow
yarl==1.7.2
    # via aiohttp
zipp==3.7.0
    # via importlib-metadata

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
